OverView
We are Skin Care
At Beiersdorf we have been caring about skin since 1882. Throughout our history we have built trust by staying close to our consumers and developing innovative skin care brands that are tailored to their needs. We work as one global team, with one focus: making people feel good in their skin. Everywhere. Every day. As we head into the future, we want to become the number one skin care company in the world. 

Skin Care is Everything to us
Our passion for skin care is what drives us and makes us unique. Our brands and skin care products are trusted by consumers – both locally and regionally.

Strong Global Brands
Making people feel good in their skin means different things to different people. That’s why, across our three global skin care brands – NIVEA, Eucerin, and La Prairie – we cater for all sorts of needs and operate across different markets: mass market, dermocosmetics, and premium.

Mass Market - NIVEA, our iconic brand, is one of the world’s largest skin care brands. It stands for values like trust, security, family, and reliable care for all skin types and is available in about 200 markets around the world.
Dermocosmetics - Eucerin is synonymous with innovative medical skin care and is trusted by dermatologists and consumers across the globe. This high-quality product range is among the world’s leading dermocosmetics brands and is sold in pharmacies in over 60 countries.
Premium - La Prairie, our anti-aging luxury skin care brand, is based on the latest scientific findings as well as over 50 years of research expertise. The products are sold in selected retail outlets in over 90 countries.

We have two Business Segments;We are a global company with more than 160 affiliates worldwide. Our business is divided in two segments: Consumer Business Segment & Tesa Business Segment

Our Consumer Business Segment -Here we concentrate on the international skin and body care markets, which are the main focus of our business. Our innovative, high-quality skin and body care products are trusted by millions of consumers every day. By staying close to our consumers, and our markets, we can ensure that our international brand portfolio stays relevant and our innovations meet the individual needs and wishes of consumers, both globally and regionally.
Our tesa Business Segment - Our Business Segment tesa has always been part of our Group but, since 2001, has operated as an independent unit. tesa is among the world’s leading manufacturers of self-adhesive product solutions for industrial customers and consumers. Not only is tesa synonymous with superior technology and reliable, high quality products but our business strategy is focused on innovative thinking, meaning we continuously strive to develop effective solutions for our customers.

Our Strategy: C.A.R.E.+
In many ways, Beiersdorf is an exceptional company. For almost 140 years, we have helped people feel good in their skin. CARE has been part of our core ever since, and together we want to shape a new era of success. In times of historical disruption we have to act now and decisively. Our strategy C.A.R.E.+ is our answer to this, based on a strong commitment, five strategic priorities + our ambition to create more value to the people and society. We C.A.R.E.+ and we never stand still.
C.A.R.E.+ also stands for Courage + Aspiration + Responsibility + Empathy.
Four attributes that we rely on to sharpen our forward-looking mind-set and to leverage our competitive advantages.

OUR COMMITMENT - Competitive Sustainable Growth
outperform the market
create consumer value
ensure sustainable profitability


Our 5 Strategic Priorities
1)Consumer Centricity through Digitalization
2)Win with Skin Care
3) Accelerate in White Spots
4)Increase Productivity
5)Culture & Society


The Global NIVEA Brand History
The development of NIVEA Creme over 100 years ago marked the beginning of a unique success story and the birth of the World’s No.1 Skin Care Brand*. NIVEA is the product of brilliant research, outstanding creativity, and sound business acumen. In 1890, Dr. Oscar Troplowitz bought Paul C. Beiersdorf’s Hamburg-based laboratory. Troplowitz’s scientific advisor, the leading dermatologist Professor Paul Gerson Unna, told him about an innovative emulsifying agent called Eucerit (the ancient Greek word for beautiful wax). Together, they developed the world’s first stable oil-and-water-based cream that was suitable for mass production in 1911 and called it NIVEA.
The “mother of all creams” was named for its pure white colour, and the word NIVEA is derived from the Latin word “nix, nivis” meaning snow. So NIVEA means “snow white.” In addition to Eucerit, which was used to bind the oils with water, the original Creme also contained glycerin and a little citric acid, fragranced with rose and lily-of-the-valley oils. Despite regular refinements to adapt NIVEA Creme’s formula to the latest scientific findings, in essence it has changed very little over the last 100 years.
The NIVEA Creme tin, on the other hand, was completely redesigned just 14 years after it was initially launched. In the 1920s, or the “Golden Twenties” as they were also known, a brand new zeitgeist emerged, and “youth” and “leisure” became the new buzzwords. NIVEA recognized it, responded to it, and adapted its brand profile accordingly. The fancy art nouveau design of the original NIVEA tin was replaced by a simple, yet distinctive look. The year was 1925 and the look was the blue tin with white NIVEA lettering.
The NIVEA family continued to grow. In the 1930s, many new products were added to the range, such as shaving cream, shampoo, and skin oil. NIVEA became a global top-selling brand, partly thanks to the innovative NIVEA advertising by Elly Heuss-Knapp, wife of the man who later became Germany’s first Federal President, Theodor Heuss. Elly Heuss-Knapp recognized the charismatic potential of the blue and white brand colours and cleverly incorporated them in her commercials.
Economic miracle and competition. Despite the raw material shortages and hardships of the post-war years, NIVEA Creme had become firmly established worldwide as a classic brand by the 1950s. A new travel trend was fuelled by increasing affluence in the 1950s and 1960s, when beach holidays in Southern Europe and skiing holidays were all the rage. Beiersdorf picked up on this trend and catered to it with a wide range of NIVEA sun protection and sun care products.
The supermarket boom, the abolition of recommended retail prices, and new market players introduced tougher competition in the 1970s. Beiersdorf responded with a confident and effective advertising campaign called “Creme de la Creme.” It focused on NIVEA Creme’s unique quality, unrivalled effectiveness, and honesty.
Umbrella brand development. Studies in the 1980s revealed that consumer trust in the NIVEA brand was extremely high. Beiersdorf recognized the growth potential associated with this finding and launched a number of new NIVEA skin care products in the customary high quality. One of these was the NIVEA MEN After Shave Balsam for sensitive men’s skin.
In the 90s, NIVEA expanded to become a global brand with consistent names, products and packaging. NIVEA families, like Visage, deodorant, soft, Vital and NIVEA Bath Care were developed at this time. In only 10 years, sales quadrupled and NIVEA became Beiersdorf’s largest brand by far.
100 Years Skincare for Life. Fans around the world celebrated the NIVEA brand’s 100th anniversary in 2011 in Hamburg, where the NIVEA history began. Beiersdorf has now introduced a standard design language for the some 500 products in the big NIVEA family. When the step-by-step conversion process that commenced in 2012 concludes, all NIVEA packaging will feature the new logo, which is based on NIVEA’s distinctive hallmark, the blue tin.

Our Brands – Close to Consumers
Perfect Skin Care knows local demands and meets international standards
Our brands are trusted by consumers all around the world. We stay as close as possible to their skin care needs by balancing international trends with regional understanding. We make, and always have made, substantial investments in dermatological research and established global standards in R&D. We also conduct extensive consumer surveys and operate local Skin Research Centers to answer the different skin care requirements of different regions.
Different Beiersdorf Brands are Nivea, Eucerin, La Prairie, Labello, Hansaplast, 8x4, Florena, Coppertone, HIDROFUGAL, SKIN STORIES, FLORENA Fermented Skincare, tesa
NIVEA - Our most important brand has enjoyed over 100 years of success and is today one of the world’s largest skin care brands
Eucerin - Pharmacists, dermatologists, and consumers around the world trust in Eucerin’s medical skin care competence.
La Prairie - Luxurious, state-of-the-art anti-aging skin care based on over 35 years of research expertise.
Labello - Labello is synonymous with lip care and at the same time the market leader in numerous European countries.
Hansaplast - Today a globally successful brand, Hansaplast revolutionized the plaster and wound care market over 90 years ago.
8X4 - 8X4 products for women and men have been combining individual fragrance compositions with long-lasting deodorant protection for more than 60 years.
Florena - Products that stand for naturalness and uncomplicated skin care with select and natural ingredients that are processed in an exceptionally gentle way.
Coppertone – a synonym for sun care and a pioneer from the very start. For more than 75 years, the iconic U.S. brand has been offering trusted, innovative sun protection.
HIDROFUGAL - Thanks to HIDROFUGAL, sweat and odor are a thing of the past – and have been for some time. Just about 90 years, to be more specific.
SKIN STORIES - SKIN STORIES’ mission is to make tattooing better and safer so that tattoos stay beautiful in the long run and people feel good with them.
FLORENA Fermented Skincare - Certified natural cosmetics that has fermentation at its heart. The care series combines high-quality ingredients of natural origin with efficacy and sustainability.
tesa - The tesa division is one of the world’s leading manufacturers of self-adhesive product and system solutions. 

Core Values
Our four Core Values (Care, Simplicity, Courage & Trust ) have shaped our corporate culture since the very beginning and they are still relevant today. Together with our corporate strategy, they act as our guiding light, our daily benchmark, ensuring we speak and act consistently across our business at all times.
Care - We act responsibly towards our colleagues, consumers, brands, our society and our environment.
Simplicity - We strive for clarity and consistency, make decisions quickly and pragmatically and focus on what’s essential.
Courage - We are committed to bold objectives, take initiative, learn from our mistakes and see change as an opportunity.
Trust - We say what we mean, keep our promises and treat others with respect.








